Access modifiers are keywords that allow us to specify
whether the members of a struct are public or private.
By default, members of a struct are public,
so if we don't have any access modifiers as in this case,
then the members are public and we can do things like set date.day equal to 5,
and then we can check that
the member updated appropriately so if we compile and run this code,
we'll see that we got 5, 1, 0.
Now the problem sometimes with public members is that there's
no restriction on what value a user can assign to those members.
So I could assign the value negative seven and check that that value flows through,
and in fact it will because there's no restriction on what I can set as the day,
even though negative seven is a day of the month makes no sense.
So one of the things that we can do is to
make members private so they're not directly accessible.
So we could say that these members
of the structure private will use the private access modifier,
and what that means is if we try to compile this code,
it will give us an error.
It's saying that, date,
day or day within the date struct is private within this context,
and we're not allowed to set it directly.
So once we make a member private,
what we might do or what we would often do is to create accessors and mutators.
So an accessor would be a function.
We might call it Day or GetDay.
I like day because it's a little cleaner.
That returns the value of the day.
Excuse me, return day,
and if we compile this code now,
we'll still get some errors related to month and year.
So in order to avoid those errors actually,
let's make month and year public,
and let's also create a mutator for day.
So a mutator is going to be a function.
It could be day or could be set day that
takes the value that we want to assign to the private member and it says,
excuse me, we don't want to set day equal to the year,
we'll say that day equals d. With that,
we now have to use that accessor and mutator.
So instead of setting date.day equal to 7,
we'll set date.day with the argument negative 7.
Here instead of calling date.day lowercase to get the member,
we'll call date.Day uppercase as a function,
and the same down here when we print what the day is.
So now, if we compile and run this,
we get the same output,
but you can see now we have the potential
to limit or protect what values they get set to.
So we might say something like if
d greater than one,
then you can set the day,
otherwise don't set the day.
So now when we compile and run this code,
we'll see that the test fails because day never got set to negative seven,
because that's a nonsense value.
This limitation right here is sometimes called an invariant.
We'll learn more about that as we learned about classes.
But for the purposes of this exercise,
the main thing to keep track of is we have these access modifiers
public and private that allow us to
specify whether we can access member variables
and also functions directly or only indirectly through.
So we might have a private member day that we can only access indirectly
through its public accessors and mutators or other functions.